d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Uploader.dll.config
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Uploader.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Uploader.pdb
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\obj\Debug\Uploader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\obj\Debug\Uploader.dll
d:\vrvirtual48\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Uploader\Uploader\obj\Debug\Uploader.pdb
